The game that will be created will consist of four mini-games. There will be a main menu with a button for each game. Each game will have a game over screen and a winning screen. The four games will be Connect Four, Snake, Air Hockey, and Duck Hunter.

The Connect Four will be played by two players. The pieces will appear in the middle of the screen above the middle row. The players must use the arrow keys to control the side to side movement of the piece. When the piece is above the desired row then player will press the down arrow to place the piece on the board. Immediately following this, the other player's piece will  appear at the top of the screen and he will do the same thing the other player did. The goal of the game is to get four of your pieces in a row. This can be accomplished diagonally, horizontally, or vertically. After a player has won, a point will be added to his score and then they have the option to restart the game or return to the game menu.

Duck Hunt is a single player game where the shooter attempts to target and shoot ducks before they exit the screen.  The game features 3 different levels. You will shoot at the ducks until your shots run out or until a duck exits the screen before it is shot.  The game will give you 50 shots to start and each time that you press the mouse the number of shots lowers.  The overall game high score and level score are are shown after each time the player loses.

Air Hockey will be played by two players. The game will start off with a "click to start screen" when the game is selected from the menu. Scores will be dislayed on a scoreboard at the top of the screen.There are two paddles, one for each player. The top paddle will be controlled by the mouse and the bottom by the "A" and "S" keys. The ball will start at the middle of the screen and will move upon the pressing of the mouse. When the ball passes the paddle into the goal, the other player will receive a point. When a player reaches the score of seven, there will be a screen that displays "we have a winner!" Upon conclusion of the game, the player may return to the menu or play again.

The final game is snake that will be played by one person. The user will be a red square, controlled by the "w","a","s","d" keys, called the snake that has to eat green squares (apples) that spawn in random locations. Every time an apple is eaten, there will be a block added to the end of the snake that will follow the first block. If the head of the snake touches it's own body or the boundaries of the screen, a game over screen will be displayed. The score will be recorded at the top of the screen as well as the high score that will update when beaten. There is no winning score, the game will continue until the snake dies. Once the game ends, the player can restart.
